are you ready
there were queens that came before me a
legacy that had to be fulfilled now it's
my turn greetings esteemed voters I am
Ashley Thomas a junior nutritional
science major hailing from the Queen
City of Buffalo New York and I am your
miss Howard University serving as miss
Howard means so much to me because I'm
able to interact with such great
students and administrators and that's
something that I'm really grateful for
it I really also i'm very excited to
work with my fellow Queens and beautiful
female leaders to enrich our HBCUs
that's something that I really find
comfort in the legacy of Johnny's
Johnson is one that has just served as a
beacon in the african-american community
I truly admire every magazine and since
that it has celebrated for years just
the peaks of african-american women
leadership and really just allowed us to
celebrate ourselves this has really
inspired me to improve the state of
African American health care through
dentistry because I know a smile is so
so important and also just building this
team of our black communities something
that I'm very very very passionate about
it's just improving
and physical health of college students
because I know a lot of us were always
going to go run we never really have
time to take care of ourselves so that's
something that I really want to
emphasize throughout this upcoming year
is that the past couple months on campus
probably wants to see how important it's
just a maintain valid why this very
legacy honestly means a lot to me
because it's inspired me to just give
back to the absolute American community
the way John H not sure did in to serve
so voters it is up to you to make this
happen I appreciate all your love our
support all your time and I hope that
I've inspired you just as much as you
inspired me thank you